As expected, the Dryden gust model with severe turbulence has much larger fluctuations
and maximum gust velocities compared to light, and the moderate case has fluctation and
absolute magnitudes between the two. 

**insert comment on second vs first order markov model**

It is also interesting to note that the y- and z- direction gust velocities are 
equivalent in each case. This can also be seen by inspection of the markov model state
space given in the Dryden gust model, which reduces to equivalent, uncoupled sub- state
spaces for the v and w gust velocities if rms_v == rms_w and L_v == L_w, which is 
true for this project and for the Dryden gust model, respectively. These equivalent sub-
state spaces are driven by the same random noise n(t), 
so it follows that their states evolve equivalently for this simulation. This implies that
every gust is directed along a 45 or 225 degree angle in the y-z plane, which seems 
inaccurate. This is shown in this project by the supplemental y vs z gust velocity plots. 

Running the simulations with different rms_gust_y != rms_gust_z maintains the 
equivalent shape of the vy-vz plots, only scaling them proportionally. This implies that the
Dryden gust model can only produce gusts lying along a specific line in the y-z plane
for any set of constant gust rms values. This seems like a shortcoming in the gust model,
as real gusts can manifest in any direction. Simulating only gusts along a specific y-z line
could fail to reveal the impact truly random gusts have on a simulated vehicle, which 
defeats the purpose of running a stochastic markov model such as this one. While
this model would still be useful in a simulation as it largely does a good job 
simulating randomness in gusts, this limitation seems undesired in a stochastic gust model. 
With that said, in some situations this could actually be desired, since this model
ensures a simulated vehicle will experience maximum side and vertical gusts 
simultaneously, which could be a worst-case scenario for the vehicle compared 
to experiencing a maximum-simulated gust velocity in only one direction. In any case,
a simulation designer would want to be mindful of this characteristic of the Dryden gust model. 