As shown by the residuals vs SOC chart, the models with more exponential terms (more RC circuits in series) better approximate the data as defined by the sum of squared residuals. What is interesting to note, however, is that there is a very large difference in residuals between 1 and 2 exponential terms and a much smaller improvement in the change from 2 to 3 RC terms. This intuitively makes sense, as the extra terms largely decrease the data-to-model error until the model approximates the data well enough, at which point adding even more terms has decreasing benefits and can even eventually lead to overfitting the data. 

As can clearly be seen from the residuals plot, the model with two exponential terms fits the data much better than the model with one term. This model could accordingly be a better choice for applications concerned with both accuracy and compute. The model with three terms sees only marginal improvement in the residuals plot, but clearly shows better performance for the first rest period in the pulse discharge test. This can be seen on the SOC curve, where the third exponential term allows the 3-term model to calculate a smooth, monotonically decreasing (with time, increasing with SOC) curve as physics would suggest, as opposed to the 2-term model that has a slope discontinuity and OCV-derivative sign change at 0% SOC. So for applications where the best model fit is desired and compute resources are not an issue, the 3-term model could be best. 

Beyond a simple performance comparison, it is interesting to note how the different models calculate their optimal parameters. It can be seen from the R1T1, R2T2, and R3T3 plots that the models with more terms have larger time constants but similar resistance values for the first term (e.g. R1 and T1 across all models). This is then 'compensated' for by the 2nd term having a similar R value but much smaller time constant in the 2- and 3-term models. In this way, the 2- and 3-term models can use their second term to adjust the short term response of the resting voltage, while they maintain their long term response with their first term. In the 3-term model, this concept is extended, except the 2nd and 3rd terms appear to 'trade off' which one has the smaller time constant; the plots show when T3 is higher, T2 is lower and vice versa. This is most likely simply an artifact of the nonlinear least squares optimization process, in which the 2nd and 3rd terms have no mathematical difference, so the solver 'chooses' one to have the smaller/larger time constant arbitrarily (and differently, as shown) in different calculations across different rest periods. If this was undesirable, it could potentially be 'solved' by inputting different initial guesses for the second and third terms as opposed to the identical value that is input as an initial condition in the current script. 
